---
layout: layouts/grid-contact.njk
title: Privacy Policy.
subtitle: We take privacy seriously.
date: 2025-11-20


class: contact privacy
description: We use Google Analytics to collect visitor data and analyse traffic on our site, we do not collect any personal data.
image: https://ik.imagekit.io/webtactics/pmfresh/img/products/categories/careers-cta-banner-1920x953_oxYCrn_Ih.jpg

rightimage: https://ik.imagekit.io/webtactics/pmfresh/img/1920x953/our-products-banner-salads-1920x953_IRpCU2SFs.jpg

privacypolicypage: true

ctatitle: Our Philosophy.
ctatext: We bring the freshest and best quality Australian produce to our consumers while delivering fresh thinking in the food industry.
ctalink: /about/our-philosophy/
ctaimage: https://ik.imagekit.io/webtactics/pmfresh/img/1920x953/leafy-salads-image-1920x953.jpg



permalink: /privacy-policy/
parent: Contact
eleventyNavigation:
  hide: true

eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
---

<h2>PMFresh's respects and is committed to protecting your privacy.</h2>
<p>This document sets out our policies on handling personal information.</p> 
<p>Wherever we collect, hold, use, disclose or otherwise deal with personal information that you have provided to us either in person, over the phone, in documentation, when using our web site or via email, we will be regulated by the Australian Privacy Principles (<strong>APP</strong>) contained within the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended to include the Privacy Amendment Act 2012 (Cth) (<strong>Privacy Act</strong>).</p>
<p><strong>What is personal information?</strong> <br>This Privacy Policy uses the term "personal information" which is defined in the Privacy Act as any information or opinion (whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not) about you as an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable.<br>By choosing to provide personal information to PMFresh's and acquiring products and services from us, you consent to our collecting, holding, using and disclosing that personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p> <p><strong>What kinds of personal information will we collect and for what purpose?</strong> <br>We may collect information such as:</p> <ul> <li>business contact details (names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, fax numbers), home addresses and phone numbers, mobile phone numbers, driver's licence details, bank account details, other financial information from financial institutions, information from regulatory bodies, providers of credit information and trade referees;</li> <li>names and contact details of persons who contact PMFresh's with requests for information and/or queries, including through PMFresh's website;</li> <li>information about applicants for employment with PMFresh's including health information to assess those applications for employment; and</li> <li>information about PMFresh's employees and contractors relevant to their employment or contract with PMFresh's.</li> </ul> <p>We collect this information to enable us to perform our functions and activities, including:</p> <ul> <li>to administer PMFresh's dealings and potential dealings with suppliers of products and services;</li> <li>to supply products and services to our customers;</li> <li>to process customer orders;</li> <li>to process orders on behalf of our customers (fulfilment services) for their customers;</li> <li>to assess our customers' creditworthiness;</li> <li>to contact individuals for direct marketing or other promotional purposes; and</li> <li>to administer PMFresh's payroll and other dealings with our employees and contractors whom provide services which include labour. &nbsp;</li> </ul> <p>If we do not collect this personal information from you, we may not be able to provide you with the products, services or assistance that you request.<br>If we use your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing, we will give you the opportunity to request that your information not be used for future direct marketing.</p> <p><strong>Who we may collect information from?</strong> <br>This Privacy Policy also covers personal information that we have sourced from third parties.<br>Such third parties may include:</p> <ul> <li>Directors, Partners or authorised persons in your employ;</li> <li>Veda Advantage or any other credit reporting body;</li> <li>ASIC; and</li> <li>Trade References.</li> </ul> <p><strong>Disclosure</strong> <br>PMFresh's may disclose personal information to third parties including:</p> <ul> <li>to regulatory bodies;</li> <li>to our related bodies corporate;</li> <li>to credit reporting bodies</li> <li>to contractors engaged to provide services in connection with the purposes mentioned above;</li> <li>to other service providers such as printers and mailing houses in connection with the purposes mentioned above;</li> <li>where you have otherwise consented to the use or disclosure; and</li> <li>if it is otherwise permitted or required by the Privacy Act or any other law.</li> </ul> <p>PMFresh's does not at the time of releasing this Privacy Policy disclose information to any overseas recipients.</p> <p><strong>Access to Personal Information</strong> <br>You should contact us (contact details below) if you would like to request details of the personal information that PMFresh's may hold about you. Provided PMFresh's deems it reasonable and practical to do so, we will provide the information to you in the manner you request within 30 days of receiving your request. The company may charge a fee for providing this service, but we will inform you of that at the time you make the request.</p> <p><strong>Accuracy and correction of Personal Information</strong> <br>PMFresh's will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information we collect, use or disclose is as accurate, complete and up to date as possible. We need your help to do that. If you think that the information we hold about you is inaccurate please contact us (contact details below) and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.</p> <p><strong>How you may make a complaint if you believe we have breached the APPs</strong> <br>You may lodge a complaint with us if you believe we have breached any part of the APP by contacting us as per the contact details below. We will investigate the nature of your complaint and notify you within 30 days of our findings. If you believe we have not dealt with your complaint in an appropriate manner you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.</p> <p><strong>Cookies</strong> <br>We use a feature of your browser called a "cookie” to assign a user ID. Cookies identify your computer to our servers when you visit our site. Our web site may store cookies on your PC in order to improve your future visits to the web site. By using cookies, we can track information about your usage of the site, to provide customised content. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you may be able to configure your browser to disable cookies.</p> <p><strong>Security of personal information</strong> <br>Security of personal information is important to us and we take all reasonable precautions to protect personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure as well as to destroy or permanently de- identify personal information if it is no longer needed for any purpose.<br>Nevertheless, the internet is not a secure environment. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. We cannot warrant the security, integrity or privacy of personal information submitted to these web sites <a title="www.pmfresh.com.au" href="http://www.pmfresh.com.au" target="_blank" rel="noopener">www.pmfresh.com.au</a> or the PMFresh's social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter or Instagram). If you use the internet to send us any information, including your email address, it is sent at your own risk.</p> <p><strong>Changes to this Privacy Policy</strong> <br>We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove any part of this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are updated on any changes.</p> <p><strong>Contact details</strong> <br>Please feel free to contact our Privacy Officer by email to&nbsp;<a title="service@pmfresh.com.au" href="mailto:service@pmfresh.com.au">service@pmfresh.com.au</a> or by contacting our customer service team on 1800 638 363 if you have any questions, comments or would like more information concerning how we handle your information or privacy issues.</p> <p><strong>Our mailing address is</strong><strong><br> </strong>PMFresh<br>28/32 Carter St, Lidcombe NSW 2141</p>